docs(sdb): update faq and ref content MTA-4172 (#2702)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/sql-databases/concepts.mdx

## Backup

> A database backup is a copy of the data stored in the database (including data structure, such as tables). Database backups in Serverless SQL Database are logical backups (as opposed to raw disk volume backups, also called "snapshots"). Database backups can be restored in the current database or any other PostgreSQL database and, allow to recover from database crash, data corruption, or data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A database backup is a copy of the data stored in the database (including data structure, such as tables). Database backups in Serverless SQL Database are logical backups (as opposed to raw disk volume backups, also called "snapshots"). Database backups can be restored in the current database or any other PostgreSQL database and, allow recovery from database crashes, data corruption, or data loss.
```

> A database backup is a copy of the data stored in the database (including data structure, such as tables). Database backups in Serverless SQL Database are logical backups (as opposed to raw disk volume backups, also called "snapshots"). Database backups can be restored in the current database or any other PostgreSQL database and, allow recovery from database crashes, data corruption, or data loss.

Reviewer 2: Just wondering about the wording of "Serverless SQL Database" (if the "d" should be capitalized or not)

> A database backup is a copy of the data stored in the database (including data structure, such as tables). Database backups in Serverless SQL Database are logical backups (as opposed to raw disk volume backups, also called "snapshots"). Database backups can be restored in the current database or any other PostgreSQL database and, allow recovery from database crashes, data corruption, or data loss.

Author: ```suggestion
A database backup is a copy of the data stored in the database (including data structure, such as tables). Database backups in Serverless SQL Databases are logical backups (as opposed to raw disk volume backups, also called "snapshots"). Database backups can be restored in the current database or any other PostgreSQL database and, allow recovery from database crashes, data corruption, or data loss.
```
